about me  -

Exploring Artificial Intelligenace world. I have always been very fascinated with the interdisciplinary scientific field of computer vision. Deep Learning entered into my carrer in form of an internship opportunity. Then there was no looking back. Medical Imaging, Autonomous Vehicles and huge possibilities in AgriTech excites me the most about. 

I am currently exploring one of the of biggest challenge of Deep Learning, challenge of making things quick. As part of ThinCI, I am working on reducing the FLOPs and memory uses in order to optimize inferencing. Unfortunately after so much exploitation of this field, it still takes days to get results in deep learning. Accelerating the convergance of a model is also something, I am actively working on. 

Being part of previous startup, I worked on ADAS (Advance Driver Assistive System) which features FCW(Forward Collision Warning), LDW(Lane Departure warning), BSD(Blind Spot Detection). I spent most of my time exploring the most talked problem of Object Detection and Object Tracking followed by Depth Estimation. It is really fascinating to see the way transportation industry is changing the way it works. A lot of fleets, automobile and insurance companies is eagerly looking at automation industry. 

Well Versed in deep leaning framework like pytorch, ONNX, Tensorflow, CUDA.  Proficient in programming using libraries like OpenCV, skimage, numpy, using C, C++ and Python language


Skills - 

Programming Language   - C, C++, Python
Deep Learing Framework - PyTorch, ONNX, CUDA
Computer Vision Library- OpenCV
Linear Algebra Library - Eigen
Tools anf platform     - Linux, ROS,
Embedded Boards        - NVIDIA Jetson TX1

Study - Btech from IIT Jodhpur 

Experience -  

1. TheHitechRoboticSystemz Ltd

from May 2017 to Jan 2019

2. ThinCI Semiconductors Pvt Ltd

from Feb 2019 till Today

3. Internship with TCS Research and Development


Project 1 

MultiObjectTracking 

Project 2 

Object Detection and postProcessing     

Project 3 

Unsupervised Monocular Depth Estimation 

Project 4 

Low rank approximation of CNNs

images - relative comparision and 3d to 1d separable blocks 

Project 5 

ONNX to Pytorch Generator

Project 6

Faster Convergance of CNNs

Project 7 

Automatic License Plate Recognition 

Project 8 

Eye Blink Detection

Contact Details - 
mailID - abhiagwl4262@gmail.com
address - Hyderabad, Telangana, PinCode-500032